    Hibari no Kokoro
    ("Heart of a lark") by Spitz

    words by Kusano Masamune



  boku ga kimi ni deatta noha
  fuyu mo owari no koto datta
  furitsumotta kakuzatou ga tokedashiteta

When I first met you winter was just ending.
The fallen piled up sugar cubes were starting to melt.

--

  shiroi hikari ni yotta mama
  RENGE-batake ni tatteita
  me wo tsuburu dake de tooku e iketara ii noni

Still drunk on the white light I was standing in a field of lotuses.
Even though I wished that I could go far away by just closing my eyes.

--

  bokura kore kara tsuyoku ikiteikou
  yukute wo habamu kabe ga ikutsu attemo
  ryoute de shikkari kimi wo dakishimetai
  namida ga koboresou sa HIBARI no kokoro

Let's go on living strongly from now on
no matter how many walls may stand in our way.
I want to hold you tightly with both hands.
Tears are about to spill;  the heart of a lark.

--

  ironna koto ga atta kedo
  minna moto ni modotteiku
  koko ni ireba daijoubu da to shinjiteta

There were all sorts of things but
they all go back to the way they were.
I believed that if I were here things would be all right.

--

  suisou no nettaigyo kara
  hanarerarenaku natteita
  boku ga boku de irarenai you na ki ga shiteta noni

I had become so that I couldn't separate from the tropical fish in a tank.
Even though I was getting the feeling that I couldn't go on as myself.

--

  tooku de naiteru bokura niha kikoeru
  maryoku no kaori ga suru midori no utagoe
  kaojuu ippai boku ni hohoende yo
  kaze ni tobasareru made kimagure na chou
  bokura kore kara tsuyoku ikiteikou
  namida ga koboresou sa HIBARI no kokoro
  HIBARI no kokoro
  HIBARI no kokoro
  
A crying from far away can be heard by us,
the green singing voice that gives off the smell of magic.
Smile at me with your whole face!
Until blown by the wind we are whimsical butterflies.
Let's go on living strongly from now on.
Tears are about to spill;  the heart of a lark.
The heart of a lark.
The heart of a lark.
  


  Translation: Robert Goodwin
