   Kimi ga Omoide ni Naru Mae ni 
   ("Before you become a memory") by Spitz

     words by Kusano Masamune



  Ano hi mo koko de hamidashisou na kimi no egao o mita
  Mizu no iro mo kaze no nioi mo kawatta ne
  Asu no asa boku wa fune ni nori hanarebanare ni naru
  Yume ni mita kimi to no tabiji wa kanawanai

On that day also, I saw your smiling face which seemed to be coming out at me.
The color of the water as well as the smell of the wind was strange, wasn't it.
Tomorrow morning I will board the boat and we will become separated.
The conclusion of our journey that I saw in a dream will not be granted.

---

  Kitto bokura michibikareru mama ni wa 
  aruikitsuzukerarenai nido to kore kara wa

Certainly from now on we will not be able to continue walking in 
the way we have been led like this.

---

  Kimi ga omoide ni naru mae ni mou ichido waratte misete 
  Yasashii furi datte ii kara kodomo no me de boku o komarasete

Before you become a memory show me your laugh one more time.
Because even a pretense of gentleness is okay, confuse me with those childlike eyes.

---

  Fureau tabi ni uso mo iezu kenka bakari shiteta
  Katamari ni natte sakamichi o korogeteku
  Oimotometa kage mo hikari mo kiesari ima wa tada
  kimi no mimi to hana no katachi ga itoshii

Each time we got together we only quarreled, without saying any lies.
We get caught together and tumble down a hill.
The shade and light that we sought disappears and now it's just
the shape of your ears and nose that is beloved.

---

  Wasurenaide futari kasuneta hibi wa
  kono yo ni ikita ima o koeteita koto o

Do not forget that the days we had together overcame the meaning of
living in this world.

---

  Kimi ga omoide ni naru mae ni mou ichido waratte misete  
  Tsumetai kaze ni fukarenagara niji no you ni kyou wa nigenaide

Before you become a memory show me your laugh one more time.
Today, do not run away like a rainbow, being blown by the cold wind.

       
  translation:Robert Goodwin
 
